This is a tricky issue because the main API I've found so far getting weather data is OpenWeather, which goes by latitutde and longitude. As you can imagine, this is an incredible amount of very specific data. My original idea was to download all the weather data at once and store it in the database and cache it in the front-end. However, with this amount of data, that approach is impractical.

NOAA has a good dataset in csv format on average monthly weather data in the US, so I used that as a starting point. Unfortunately, it did not have data accessible by US county. Upon looking further, I found county weather data based in the CDC Wonder online database. I downloaded the appropriate data and converted it into csv format with Google Sheets. I knew that going by US county would hamper me in the long run, but it was worth it because this way I could limit the scope to US counties and have a deliverable product soon. My solution for converting data into county data is to download the latitude/longitude and/or city data for each destination that does not have US county data and convert it into county based on keeping a city database that maps to the US county or a lat/lon to county mapping algorithm.

Eventually, I would like to expand to using a heatmap type view and having it be completely destination based with highlights being based on radius around the destinations. This could be done entirely by lat/lon but would be time-consuming to implement, so I will do this at a later date. 

At this point I reviewed BCNF and thought about how to set up my DB schema. I removed the state code, month code, and county codes from the raw data by deleting the columns in Google Sheets. After this, I parsed the ',STATE NAME' out of the county names in the csv and took out the TOTAL entries from the raw data with a short Python script.